# Year-of-the-DRAGON
DDP-modeling for Rapid Agile Group Operations Now

## Purpose: Dataclass-Driven Programming (DDP)
- DDP is a different way of writing system models, enabling more advanced UML capabilities and providing better user experiences. Through the use of DDP, you will gain the ability to easily implement inheritance, facilitate type conversions or codecs, and produce predictable polymorphic behaviors on-the-fly. Instead of using a dead modeling DSL, such as COBRA, you will learn how to use a modern, state-of-the art modeling capability in Python 3.7+. DDP will give us the necessary foundations to learn cryptology faster!

## Why Go Through The Trouble
- Let's be honest, cryptology is hardly understood nor developed much in practice! The amount of people actually doing cryptography or cryptanalysis is in the tens of thousands, world-wide! So why try to go through the basics of cryptology? I fundamentally believe that K-12 education should use cryptology as their problem set in teaching mathematics. It's never been done before in the US, nor is being planned to be. Using the Pythonic LLM Communications reference, we can create atomic units in both algebra and number theory to help build a unified, comprehensive K-12 mathematical education.

## Why It's Important
- Generic ADTs, through the use of Pythonic static typing, can help fuel abstracted reasoning without knowing a whole lot about programming. Building statically typed LLM communications with mathematics can help open up new mentalities of what math is and how it can be used. Instead of blindly applying science in STEM schools, using statically typed mathematical ADTs could provide the much needed building blocks for more expansive and faster STEM education. Yes, it revolves around the notion of building STEM principles from collective atomic mathematical types. This ideal changed my life 12 years ago. After reading Principles of Neural Science, Dr. Eric Kandel taught me that everything we know as STEM is built off of mathematical properties. After studying cybersecurity, psychology, chemistry, computer science, and data science, as well as teaching statistical genetics and mathematics, I have found that those principles hold true across every discipline. The revolutionary ideas that were taught in Principles of Neural Science hold across every discipline and application in real-life.

## How This Is Different Than Math Taught Today
- Math can be much more than just formulas created in a vacuum. Using DDP, math can be taught with a specific goal in mind: atomic types for UIs. Breaking down each concept to an atomic component, which can help the student grasp the material, can also help build new protocols/interfaces. These protocols can be designed so they that are generic across frameworks and problem sets. For example, instead of being concerned about quantum or gpu backend architectures, the student can communicate to an LLM using a dataclass built with one or more different mathematically atomic units. This protocol should be able to communicate with data structure specific types and capabilities on the target architecture without human interaction/hand-jamming. For instance, the Intermediate Representation (IR) stage should link the generic ADTs to concrete, platform-specific ADTs.

## End Goals
- The main goal is to achieve rapid mathematical modeling for all applications, ideally in near real-time. Whether that be cybersecurity, English, or art, using mathematically built protocols could facilitate faster prototyping for students and programmers in the real world. To do so effectively, some sort of modeling software needs to be used. This reference is meant to establish that foundation.

## Required Background
- Magna Carta for Cybersecurity
    - Baseline classes, cryptology, SQL, database schemas, and design patterns
- Pythonic LLM Communications
    - 20 required static types for LLM communications
    - In-depth code reviews on the collections, collections.abc, and the contextmanager modules

## Where Is This Going
- I'm a huge fan of programming and learning for the 99 percenters. For years, I have created cryptology course materials, applications, and Python packages to help provide concrete, real-world examples. Through cryptology, specifically number theory, abstract algebra, and linear algebra, one can be equipped to tackle most problems in any discipline. Back before the 1970s, cryptology was considered illegal in the US. Only when the banking industry needed cryptographic protocols and hardware did it become "okay". Even to this day, most cryptology is barely understood or taught. Not many people know why cryptology is useful, especially not for education. This reference is part one of a much larger endeavor. After creating a cryptology course for Vet Tech in 2022, I never stopped believing that cryptology could change the way K-12 education does mathematics. Over the next two years, there will be much more on this subject. No longer will cryptology principles be considered just for security, instead it can be abstracted for much more than we realize. To iterate this point, look at RFCs 9380, 9474, and 9497, which came out last year. These will revolutionize anonymous browsing. However, I would argue they could be used for generic HPC application polling as well. Such has nothing to do with confidentiality, but instead would tackle availability and integrity. Cryptographic availability has never been actualized before. Using Oblivious Pseudorandom Functions (OPRFs), it might be possible to provide cryptographic availability with distributed systems, especially microservices. 
